doc: update release with HomeKit info (#3870)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

.. note::
    This file is a work in progress and might not cover all relevant changes.

Highlights
**********

> * Added HomeKit ADK repository available for verified company in MFi Program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added HomeKit ADK repository available for verified companies participating in the MFi Program.
```
Not sure if this should be part of the Highlights section, can be decided by @carlescufi or during the doc review meeting.
